{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34260\viewh22440\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Clothing store details\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We are Urban Clothing \'97 a brand new company that aims to sell high quality and affordable clothing and accessories for women, men and children. You can find us at urbanclothing.com.\
\
Our motto is \'93Simple is the best\'94. At Urban Clothing, we put a strong emphasis on simplicity, quality and usefulness of fashion products over other factors. Our fashion items never get outdated. They are not short-lived as normal fashion clothes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Our address
\f1\b0 \
70 Washington Square South, New York, NY 10012, United States\'a0\
+92 423 567\
\

\f2\b Testimonials
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 Urban Clothing helped me revamp my personal style and I\'92ll be forever in their debt for this. Thank you!
\f1\i0 \
\'97 Linda Parker\
\

\f3\i I love the clothes from Urban. They match my style perfectly and the fit is great.
\f1\i0 \
\'97 James Mitchell\
\

\f3\i If you\'92re looking for high quality and affordable clothing for your family, Urban Clothing should definitely be on your list.
\f1\i0 \
\'97 Sarah Keys\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 The homepage
\f1\b0 \
\
Our homepage should feature:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the latest autumn collections for men and women\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the regular collections for men and women\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a list of products from all categories\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
information about shipping, support and return policy\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
newsletter signup\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f2\b Pages\
\

\f1\b0 For starters, we would like to have a contact and an about page, alongside the usual pages in a website of this sort: homepage, collection page, product page, cart, etc.\
\

\f2\b Categories
\f1\b0 \
\
We have a few categories we\'92d like to add to begin with:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Men\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Women\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Kids\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Accessories\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Autumn for Men\
{\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}Autumn for Women\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
In the future we\'92ll add more categories, but these will be enough to start with.\
}